{% include navigation.html %}

## 5.1 - Effects of Computing
<table>
   <tr>
    <th>Questions</th>
    <th>Answers</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>Come up with three of your own Beneficial and corresponding Harmful Effects of Computing</td>
    <td>The benefits of computing is that the computer makes the work being done more efficient, allows for easier access to information, and the ability to store information easier. The harmful effects of computing is that it can be addicting and can effect a persons life in a negative way. There can be cyber security problems with peoples personal information being leaked, and another disadvantage is that too much time spent computing can lead to a dependancy which can limit the learning being done. </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?</td>
    <td>Dopamine is a hormone which is released when someone does an activity that they feel pleasure from. Even though dopamine is good for us as humans, some people become addicted to the feeling and begin to only do the activities which they get dopamine from. As said in the notes some people begin to forget about their responsibilities outside of the activity that makes them happy which leads them to fall behind in certain aspects of life. Nothing is impacting my success right now, as I feel that I am preforming to my full extent in all my classes so far.</td>
  </tr>
  </table>
