{% include navigation.html %}

## 5.2 - Digital Empowerment
<table>
   <tr>
    <th>Questions</th>
    <th>Answers</th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>How does someone empower themself in a digital world?</td>
    <td>Empowerment about the digital world can be learned when someone takes the time to reasearch about the topic and look into information which can help them become more efficient with digital content. Empowerment in the digital world can be taught but one can only learn as much as they want to, each person will have to put in their own effort to try to learn enough about the enviornment so they can become more efficient. </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>How does someone that is empowered help someone that is not empowered? Describe something you could do at Del Norte HS</td>
    <td>Someone who is empowered about the digital world can help those who are not by advising, and teaching their knowledge they have learned through their experiences with digital content. At Del Norte a club could be formed for advising about the digital world and those who are more experienced can teach and pass their knowledge onto others. Writing an article or having a podcast is also possible and can be more accessible for students who might not want to join a club.</td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>Is paper or red tape blocking digital empowerment? Are there such barriers at Del Norte? Elsewhere?</td>
    <td>Financialbarriers and home life can also stop someone from becoming digitally empowered as it can be difficult for some people to have access to technology.</td>
  </tr>
  </table>